Today, we're going to use Claude Code to
design our personal site on Figma. Wait,
no, not Figma. We're actually going to
be using a different tool, one that is
built specifically for AI agents, and
it's called Paper. And many designers
are telling me that they're switching
from Figma to Paper because it's easier
to use with AI agents like Claude Code
and OpenClaw. So, in this video, we're
going to download Paper. Then, we're
going to connect Paper to Claude Code.
Then we're going to use Claude Code to
design our site. Then we're going to
turn that site into an actual web page
that I will use and put on the internet.
And so this channel is all about using
AI agents to run your business
effectively. And if you like these types
of videos, I make them multiple times
per week. So consider subscribing. Let's
dive into the video. Okay, so in order
to do this workflow, we're going to need
two tools. We're going to need Claude
Code and we are also going to need
paper. This can be found on
paper.design. Go to paper.design. We're
going to download paper. This will
trigger a download. Select this right
here. We're going to drag paper into the
applications. Right. We're going to type
in paper open. Now, we have paper open
on our desktop. And when you first come
to paper, you're going to be met with
this. This will look a lot like Figma if
you're used to Figma. And so, in order
to control paper, I'm going to go ahead
and open up cursor. And so I'm going to
hit command shift N to create a new
project. And I'm going to just hit open
project. We're going to hit new folder.
I'm going to call this control paper. By
the way, I like to use claude code
within cursor. It's just what I'm used
to. I don't know if it's the best way to
do it, but I just open up a terminal in
cursor. And what I'm going to do is I'm
going to go claude in the terminal. I'm
in the terminal space dash dangerously
skip permissions and we're going to use
high effort. So I just open cloud code.
We're using bypass permissions mode and
I say and I'm going to say okay I want
you to search the internet and figure
out how to set up paper.designs designs
MCP server so you can control my paper
design and create and edit designs. Do
the full process. Do not ask me when you
are done. I expect you to let me know if
you can control the board that I'm
currently looking at in paper and add
simple text that says hello. Yeah. So,
it should be able to see this. I'm just
going to run this prompt. So, I told it
to go ahead and set up the MCP server.
If you don't know what that is, don't
worry about it. Claude Code knows what
it is. It's basically going to establish
a connection between Claude Code and
Paper.design,
which we have open. So, it should be
able to read this and see it. Okay, here
it says paper is installed. MCP uh is
running on port 29979,
responding with 404. Okay, so it looks
like it's failing. Let's see if it
figures it out. Okay, I forgot that once
it sets up an MCP server, it can't use
it until you reset. So, I'm just going
to hit I think I just go uh clear new
and I'm going to say, can you add hello
to my paper board? Okay, so it says
done. I've added a new artboard that
says hello with the text hello centered
on it. Let's go to paper. Boom. There
you go. and just to say uh change it to
hello, I'm Claude. And we can just wait
for it to be updated. Boom. There you
go. Hello, I'm Claude. So, I'm just
going to say, please remove everything
on this page. Let's start from scratch.
I am going to design a personal site.
It's going to be awesome, but clear at
all. And now it should clear everything.
And boom, there you go. All right. So
this is the site that I want to create.
So I saw this on Twitter and I really
like this design. So this this will be
an inspiration. My idea is just so this
is just a personal page about my uh my
agent team. So my team of openclaw
agents and so the left panel will be a
list of my openclaw agents. The right
side will be info about these agents.
Each agent will have info on the right
side that matches this second image. So
this image right here is just to show
what I want included on this side of the
page. And then the left side uh B I I'll
include this the left side of the page
should be a list of agents left panel.
Okay. So now what I'm going to do is I'm
just going to basically I just kind of
wrote this out and what I'm going to do
is I'm just going to go back to cursor.
I'm going to say okay I just put all the
info there. Please create the design
based on what I wrote and use the two
images as input because one is a design
that I want you to emulate. The other it
uh shows what info I want for each
agent. Quick break to talk about
vibecode.dev dev, which is the easiest
way to build a professional mobile app
and get it on the app store 100% with
AI. Here's an app that I created that
actually allows me to talk to my
openclaw. And I created this app in
about 30 minutes using vibecode.dev. I
can also use this design tool. So, I can
literally select an element. Let's say I
wanted to make this a different color.
We could just select this and uh we
could also select this right here. And
we could say, "Please make these
darker." While that's running, I can
literally add any API. So any popular AI
tool that you might want to add to your
application, you can just come here and
you can select Nano Banana. Please
implement Nano Banana. And we can ceue
up this prompt. In one click, you can
add a database. You can even add
payments and integrate it directly into
RevenueCat. And when you're done, you
can hit deploy and you can deploy it to
the App Store in just a few clicks. All
you have to do is connect your Apple
developer account and it'll ship it
directly to the App Store. You can try
this right now at vibcode.dev. Let's get
back to the video. So, it should know
what to do. So, it should just go look
at paper. You can see what it does in
real time. Look at this. You can see
that it's kind of reading both of these.
That's what I really like about this MCP
server is it like it animates when it's
using stuff. And so let's see how it
does here. Okay, so it created this up
here which kind of matches this styling
right here. Let's see what else it
creates. YouTube agent, social media
agent, research agent, content writer,
code assistant. This is pretty crazy. Oh
wow, this is crazy. This is exactly what
I was going for. Yep. Oh, what's this?
goals. Oh, let's go. This is insane. Oh
my god. This is really cool. Please
create another exact copy of this except
use the font instrument sands for both
headers and body. Please download the
font if you don't have access to it. put
it right next to the current version we
have. Okay, looks like it created this
version right here. I think I like this
font a little bit more. This is really
cool. Now create a new version to the
right that above the agents it has a new
section called learn which has a page
called what is open claw and this is a
learning page that talks about what open
claw is make it visual and it should
show up on the right here it is created
creating this new page. It's adding my
agents. Wow, this is crazy, man. So
sick. So easy to use. AI generated
design, huh? It's pretty fun. All right.
Wow, this is looking good. Okay, so now
what I want to do, please make the
learning lessons simple bullets and the
agents. Please use better icons for this
that match like for social media.
Basically, make those logos better.
Okay. Then I just added this follow-up.
Then I want you to iterate on the open
claw agents 2 board. I want you to
create a new cooler way to show skills
that are less textheavy and make three
versions of this full board showing
different options. And so we can zoom
out and wait for it to kind of continue
working on this. Okay, here they are.
So, here are the three that they're
working on right here. It's kind of
working on Okay, it's using all of these
at once. Okay, so it just removed the
skills. Let's see what it does here.
Okay, this is pretty cool. Skills
thumbnail generator, Gemini API, SER
API, SUPA, Katala, and Google Workspace.
Actually, this is pretty cool. Oh, so
this is a new version. This is another
possible version that we could do. It's
too similar to this side panel in my
opinion. I like these a little bit more.
Okay, here it has this bar. I don't know
what these bars are for, but I do like
it. These are all good options. So, I
think I like V1. So, we can just tell it
that I like V1. Let's go ahead and move
V1 down. I want to iterate on this
design. Can you please add the learn
section on this one? Right. It doesn't
have this learn section from this one
that we did earlier. And now it's
working. There we go. It added the
learn. And now it's adding the agents
back again. This looks pretty good. Now,
can you add a settings module that will
pop up when I click on the thing on the
right? And there should be an enable
edit mode which has a password so that
the admin can edit the data on the site
and add new agents. Wait, I'm going to
stop this real quick. I want this to be
a new page to the right of this one.
Like a new board. Okay, here we go.
Settings modal. This is awesome. This is
actually so cool. I'm pretty blown away
by this. Oh yeah. Okay.
There it is. This is looking pretty
good. Password to Oh, wow. This is fire.
Oh, so it added this dark mode
notifications.
Let's be disciplined here. We don't need
dark mode on the first mode. We don't
need those other options. It should not
say Riley Brown. It should say settings
because there is no sign in only
password for edit mode. Edit this on
both of the two previous boards. All
right. So, it should edit both of these.
It should just say settings here. It
already edited it here. It should add it
here as well. There we go. I'm going to
say make it a settings icon instead of
R. And this is looking pretty good. So,
now we're going to go to a new chat. I'm
going to say, okay, I like the three
designs that remain. These are the ones
I want to use to build a site. Please
use them and build the full website with
these designs. Don't add the edit mode.
Just create the front end and all the
agent info, etc. Okay, so let's see how
this works. I've actually never tried
this before, but I'm pretty sure you can
do this. So, you can see here that it's
reading these pages, right? These are
the three designs that we're using. It's
pretty simple website. Let's see if this
works. Okay, it looks like it's done. We
have this app folder. So, it looks like
it turned it into a React app. We can go
to Comet. Here it is. It's open here on
localhost 5173.
You can see here we have the remote
setup and everything looks like it's
pretty damn close to the spec. If we go
back to paper, we can see here it looks
pretty similar. And there you go. We
basically used clawed code. I did it in
cursor and we were able to create
designs on paper just like this. We
iterated. We found a a style that we
liked and then we turned it into a React
app. And I think the last step would be
please can you push this to GitHub and
Versel using the CLI? And what I like to
do I like to go to GitHub. I'm going to
create a new repository. I'll just make
this public. This will just be landing
page design test. Yes. Test. We can
create a repository on GitHub. Let me
make sure we put my name right here.
We're going to copy this. Now what we're
going to do is we're going to go back to
cursor say here is the repo use this
then push to versel give me public link
and this will actually put it on the
internet where we can then add a custom
domain and this is kind of the final
step. So we'll wait for this to finish
and here it looks like it's done. If we
click on this link, we should see that
the repo has everything in it. And we
should be able, if we go back to cursor,
we should have a public link open. Let's
see. Bang. There we go. This is on the
internet. You can go to this site. This
is the design that we created. And uh
yeah, we we designed this with cloud
code. And we use cloud code to easily
create a site and put it on the internet
using Verscell. And that's it. You know,
this was actually the second time that I
ever used this tool, so I'm going to
play around with this, and I'll probably
make a much more in-depth guide in the
next few weeks. I may actually use
OpenClaw and include other skills like
adding being able to scrape the internet
and add images directly into it,
automatically scrape company logos if
you want to generate like reports, like
business reports using paper. There's a
lot of fun things that are coming to my
head. This is kind of a video uh showing
the basics. I'm going to get a lot
better at using this tool and I'll make
another video. Thank you guys for
watching.